hey guys despite the scrapper how do you
guys are asking questions about
first-time scrappers you're a first-time
scrapper you have no clue what you're
doing and you need some help besides all
my videos that I've showed you I made
this video it's a little bit to show you
what to look for when you're starting on
your scrap let's take a look at this
[Music]
first thing you're going to want to get
is a magnet this one I got from a
microwave this is going to tell you
whether you have ferrous or non-ferrous
metal also screwdrivers a big plus
especially something like this this I
got from Home Depot for about 15-20
dollars comes with almost everything I'm
going to need to scrap and I got it
really cheap
this is a precision screwdriver set this
is to get those very small screws like
what's in a hard drive also get yourself
some pliers here you can see some pliers
some wire cutters and a bunch of other
tools you're definitely going to need
[Music]
and as you get a little bigger you're
going to definitely want to upgrade your
tools and get a little bit more such as
wrenches hammers all different types of
tools and you'll see what you need once
you're going through it this is a tamper
proof bit set that you're going to need
for microwaves this here is an Allen
wrench set then when you start making
some money you can get yourself a
cordless drill to get those screws off
faster and you want to get yourself a
sawzall that way you can cut through
metal like butter then later on you can
get yourself this wire stripper a
propane tank valve remover and most
definitely you want to scale you want to
see how much copper you have how much
copper can I get out of a TV and then
when you're done you got yourself a
little toolbox can put all your stuff in
now when you're scrapping first thing
you're going to want to do is get at
least some gloves a mask and some
goggles now you don't have to go out
there and look crazy just play it safe
so now you're out there and you're
looking for scrap scrap is everywhere
just when you're going to get it just
organize your truck that way you have
enough room for everything you're going
to put in there and maybe get a trailer
and once you get it home try organizing
all your stuff that way it doesn't look
like a junkyard and you know what you're
going to have you know how to attack it
and you know what you want to do first
[Music]
being organized is definitely something
big you want to do when you're scrapping
this here I built for my bins under my
staircase and it helps me separate my
scraps I know where my copper my
aluminum and all my other metals are
this I also built a second one because
of all the metals I'm getting there's
just so many different types that I had
to build this to make make some more
room and also label your bins of what
you have copper cast aluminum
motherboards aluminum cans etc and
always have a pleat place to work on
that way you can start a new project
fresh
now you're starting to take your stuff
apart now you're starting to get an idea
of where you can make some money when
you're taking four computers at least
try to wear masks some of these
computers have dust which carry
allergens or some other things you don't
want in your lungs
[Music]
now we are ready to go to the scrapyard
now you have your trailer your truck
anything you have available to take to
the scrap yard please separate
everything you have just like I showed
you when you organize look at my bins
how I have my low-grade my wiring I have
some aluminum some copper and all other
types of items I have them all separated
that way when I get to the scrapyard I
can just pull them out put them on a
scale and just keep going get paid and
get out
[Music]
once at the scrapyard they'll tell you
which direction to go usually some scrap
yards have their metal separated by
light heavy etc and they'll tell you
where to go and then they'll weigh you
in and out that way you can get paid and
keep going and make some more money
so now you just turn someone else's
garbage into cash so next time you're at
the scrap yard ask for a tour they have
a lot of things there you may not know
you can make money on and it may be some
things that you're overlooking
you
alright guys I hope that video did help
a little bit if you have any questions
or comments please put it at the bottom
there till then this is Mike the
scrapper please comment like subscribe
till then hers
you